Stories:
Submission Structure:
    User--->Type
        Stories
        Use case

    User--->Guest
        this user should have the ability to access the list or chosen representation of all available room types
        then they should be able to select and make a booking which once finalized in a checkout screen should have
        the ability to cancel active reservations and simply view all reservations active and passive.

        To access the list they would go to the website select reserve a booking now, then they will be presented with
         a list of available room types to be able to select from. This leads to next use case: booking the room

    User--->Receptionist
        this user should be able to do everything that the user can do to add and remove
        however we need to add the ability to modify. This should include more information about the room for internal
        functioning (room numbers and other information for either phone support or in person support/functioning.
        This user will have a interaction with a list of all guests first to then enter a similar view as the guest
        with further options to modify and view the reservation.

        either online or in person a guest will interact IRL to check in or edit a reservation to which the
        receptionists will utilize the above stories in succession relative to the needs of the guest.

    User--->Managers
        managers care not about managing guests but about the employees. they should be able to control who the
        receptionists are and the ability to see the overall functioning of the hotel. they should be able to see the
        occupancy reports and generate revenue reports. a summation of all guests present, past, future, and create a
        revenue report for certain time periods.

        all this will be done through a flow of options. they will have access to all that the receptionist can do and
        has the ability to manage the receptionist itself.